hey guys chairman five here with the
review of the Game Boy Color GBC mega
memory card I did an unboxing of this
video up now I'm going to do a review of
it stupid game wait turn on oh I'm sorry
that is a switch okay
switch on it turning on and off turning
on AB might add my pokemon crystal in
here now we're gonna do when it is back
up the game if you don't have a battery
in it and it won't save and the clouds
already gone I want to put I put a new
battery in there or at least one we if
it's dead just save it then and then
back it up and see what you back it up
IRA back mine up we hit restore because
if when you back it up it will back up
the current and save file hit a it's
just working you'll be taken back to the
main menu
turn it off switch move the switch nice
where I did I actually I actually broke
my crystal game it's actually broke my
crystal game because I'll try to replace
the battery and things came off hey see
time is set it's not that seems kids
continue where's the battery in here but
I thought that you need the batteries so
it could work now
we're gonna I'm gonna hit continue and I
started and I got this today but not the
game the memory saver
maybe didn't hear me cuz like I said in
my last video the chocolate incident the
iPod got constant oxidant I think the
mic was affected so I'm gonna say this
louder when you back it up it backs up
the save current save file so you might
want to put a new battery in there or
youth battery or if it saves just a file
without the battery then it's backing up
at that's okay just back up with that
cuz then we it back to say foul you'll
be able to use that when you hit rich
restore okay it'll meet but not my goal
by gold was too late I can't I can't
play that anymore without I can't saving
that anymore my yellow is down to
anything scratched and I was trying to
replace the battery in that not good
time on me up and that's it and this is
a good thing okay
just the Gameboy game a pocket in Game
Boy Color and now thanks for watching
rate subscribe and add to your favorites
see you guys later